Update Azure Arc Network Requirements (#99455)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-arc/kubernetes/quickstart-connect-cluster.md

> [!NOTE]
> To translate the `*.servicebus.windows.net` wildcard into specific endpoints, use the command `\GET https://guestnotificationservice.azure.com/urls/allowlist?api-version=2020-01-01&location=<location>`. Within this command, the region must be specified for the `<location>` placeholder.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Accessing the connected Kubernetes cluster from the Azure Arc resource through the Azure Portal requires `https://*.arc.azure.net`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To view and manage connected clusters in the Azure portal, be sure that your network allows traffic to `*.arc.azure.net`. ```

Author: Implemented the suggested wording changes @JnHs.
